---
layout: post
title: Lindsey Matysik-Johnson
---


Hello and welcome to my professional portfolio! My name is Lindsey Matysik-Johnson. I am a recent graduate of University of Wisconsin - Stout. I have a Bachelor's degree of Science in Management with an emphasis in Human Resource Management. I previously earned an Associate degree in Human Resources from Chippewa Valley Technical College in December 2015. I'm a hard-working, qualified individual with over ten years of customer service experience and four years of professional office experience. I'm passionate about education, technology, marketing, and training. Because I have a passion for technology, I utilized a technology called [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to create this website.

Want to learn more information about me? My resume is a good start to quickly view my professional profile, education, work experience, and notable accomplishments.

[Professional Resume](Documents/Resume.pdf)

As you can tell from my resume, I have extensive experience in sales and customer service. Over the years, I have developed software skills including advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office products like Outlook, Word, and PowerPoint. 

[Detailed Work Experience](Documents/Detailed_Work_Experience.pdf)

I am 30 years old, and I have many life experiences that have led to the position I am in currently today. I am a big believer in things happening for a reason.

[Life Timeline](Documents/Lifeline.pdf)

[Reflection](Documents/Lifeline_Reflection.pdf)

During my Management Seminar course at UW-Stout, which I took during the Spring 2019 semester, I had the opportunity to provide detailed answers about my work and what I do, how my colleagues go the extra mile in their work, a moment where I as recognized at work for saving the day, and how I stay upbeat and positive at work at all times.

[Career Questions](Documents/Career_Questions.pdf)

During the Management Seminar course, I had several colleagues in my department at Chippewa Valley Technical College answer questions about me as a colleague. Using their surveyed information, I had the chance to meet with my program director at UW-Stout and develop a scorecard of my strengths and opportunities for improvement.

[Balance Sheet](Documents/Balance_Sheet.pdf)

Earning my Bachelor's degree is the first step in an overall plan I have to become a valuable leader in higher education. My goal is to eventually obtain a leadership role, like a Director or Dean, within the Wisconsin Technical College System after teaching students in Business Management or Human Resources.

I truly believe in the transformative empowerment of higher education, and I identify strongly with the hands-on nature and affordability of the technical college system. Beginning my education at Chippewa Valley Technical College was the best decision I ever made in my life, and I valued my time at UW-Stout as well. I would like to be a leader and oversee College projects or plans that increase student success once I have the professional experience and education I need under my belt. My future aspirations and personal goals ensure I will eventually pursue a Master's degree or higher when the timing is right.

[Future State](Documents/Future_State.pdf)

I am happy to clarify any of the information shared on this website and my professional experience, goals, and aspirations. Feel free to contact me directly at <lindsey@matysik-johnson.com> if you have any questions or wish to discuss my professional background. Thank you for taking the time to learn more information about me!

Connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lindseyannmatysik) or follow me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/WisconnyLindsey).